So after Halstead's the first two layers, which is the two steps of beginners method put into one.
So while solving these white corners will match them with their corresponding edges to form them into
a pair.
Let's look like this.
So we have a white corner that can go into the slot.
But notice how its edges trailing behind it.
So we can insert them both together.
So I'll teach you how to do this intuitively, and then I'll leave a link to a list of all algorithms
that can be used for F to L.
In case you encounter a really hard case, I recommend not using these algorithms.
Don't learn all of them, just learn only algorithms for the really hard cases, because doing it intuitively
will help your skills and will be much better for when you need to solve something else later.
So overall, our goal is to think about how to make pairs on the top layer and how to insert the.
But before we start off, too, well, there are two very important algorithms that are extremely common
and very useful.
So they're both 44 moves each.
They'll be inserted in the middle of many algorithms used to solve the solvent ethtool pair used to
move something from the top layer into the bottom and other things.
So the first move to the sexy move.
I know the names weird, but it's a very well-known for move sequence that tremendously helps with algorithms.
And by the way, it's called this because the move sequence is smooth to perform and can be done very
quickly.
So the form moves in this sequence are are you our prime, you prime.
So for the rest of this course, I'll put these four moves in brackets and color green to help you recognize
the secrets and algorithms and to be able to apply it in the in an algorithm without just remembering
a ton of moves.
So this will help with your memorization and it will also help with your finger tricks and being able
to do the sequence efficiently.
The sledgehammer is another form of sequence, and its algorithm is our prime.
F r f prime.
So I'll put this one in brackets two and color it red.
And as you can see, both of those algorithms that we did were insertion techniques for up to well,
I answer this pair twice using those moves.
And that's why they're super useful in F2 l along with in many other algorithms.